<Inaudible>.
Yeah, but that's the thing I was saying is like, there's no,
you're not allowed to have a nuanced opinion anymore. You just have to be like,
no, I am absolutely, eh, I, you must believe all women.
Did you see that thing I posted the other day about it was, uh,
the me too backlash gonna come? No, I didn't see that. And uh.
How's it gonna come? What kind of backlash?
The backlash is the, on the, the on campus thing,
the, the, basically like the Obama administration and Joe Biden, uh,
recommended these guidelines for title IX and, uh,
and they, so they recomme men of these guidelines for title IX, uh,
the basically protecting women on college campuses. But the problem is
they throw out due process. Like literally if a guy, the,
the idea is if you're con if you get, uh, accused, you're basically convicted,
right. Guy gets accused, he's thrown outta school. And it's like, well,
that's not due process. There were all these things that were like,
like I'd never thought about before. Like, cuz I, I wanna believe all,
you know what I mean? Like I, I wanna believe that if a woman,
I don't believe women have much reason to lie about.
The. See, well that's not true. I don't believe that at all,
because I believe there's a lot of women that have grudges in their
angryhmm<affirmative> and they, they want to make things up about men.
And I know men where that's happened to before I know men who've been fall
falsely accused of rape. Yeah.
And the woman dropped it and told the police that she was just mad at him. Yeah.
And she, she had a vendetta that happens. It doesn't happen a lot. Right.
That's.
What, I mean know, I don't think it happens.
I just think that that it's a minor. I think it's just I't know if it's.
Mine or not. Anthony kumeia said something that's really, he goes,
he goes calling all women. Liars is just as crazy as saying, all women say,
say the truth, right? Yeah. It's, that's true.
You're gonna have a certain percentage of human beings.
That are deceptive, which is why I say 97% of women are liar. Ah.
No, I think it's, I mean, I don't wanna,
I don't even want to spend about what the stats are.
The problem is if you're a person who didn't do anything to someone and then
they're accusing you of doing something to them and then it ruins your life.
That's devastating. Yeah. And that.
Happens. The, so I've been having this conversation.
I posted it and I put on Twitter, Hey, if I'm wrong, if this is wrong,
yell at me here. Okay, go ahead. And I was surprised by,
by how few people yelled.
No one really got mad because when you see what the recommendations were,
people believe in due process and the rule of law they should. And,
and they people know that mob mentalities are not
good and they're not American. I mean, they're not the spirit of American,
right? They're they are pretty American actually.
But like the they're not the letter of America. Um,
and it was kind of baffling that Obama
and the administration. So what's happening is,
so guys are getting kicked outta school. They're getting, you know what,
these they're, the colleges are following the guidelines and uh,
due processes thrown away. Mm-hmm <affirmative> guys get, you know,
thrown outta school, da, da, da. And then they Sue the school and guess what?
A lot of 'em are winning. Yeah, of course,
because it's unconstitutional what the school did. So it's this weird thing of,
uh, it's such a sticky situation.
Cuz I was talk because the,
after I posted a few female friends of mine texted or called me and one
of 'em said, uh,
that she was at NYU and was having sex
with a guy he tried to, uh,
put in her. She was like, no, she said, no. He said, can I?
She said no. Um, and he did anyway.
She just froze and was like stunned, frozen, silent.
He finishes no alcohol. No. And it just becomes,
he said, she said mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's like, what,
what should we do in a society about a situation like that?
And I truly don't know. I truly am like I have no idea.
Mm well, if she said no and he did it anyway, that's a real problem.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right. Yeah. That's rape. But, but what,
but also then it just becomes what it's a, he said,
she said thing, right? There's no evidence. We needdetector. No, we,
you know what I mean? Like we need.
Real lie detectors. I mean, that's really the,
in situations like this where it's one person's word against the other and the,
yeah. The real results. Critical. You gotta,
I don't know if that's really possible though. I mean,
I don't know of anything that exists or any technology that's on the pipeline
that no.
There isn't. So a friend of mine jokingly said that, that uh,
all guys and women need to wear body cams. <laugh>.
Like how like cops. Yeah. Yeah.
Like that's kind to where it is because they're, again,
it is one of these like I don't, because it might be, you kind of think like,
oh yeah, no, it's probably, it's always pretty cut. Da, da. Uh,
and then you hear a thing like that and you're like, you know what?
I don't know what to, but then no, one's gonna you.
Should that guy get I'm I don't even on camera. Right? Uh,
the now we're into like, because I go, oh guys,
shouldn't get kicked outta school. There should be due process. Of course,
of course there should be due process. Then I hear a story like that.
And I'm like, man. I don't know. I don't,
maybe that guy shouldn't be able to go to school. I don't know.
I Tru I don't know. So.
He lied. He said that didn't.
Happen. He didn't, she didn't press charges or of that. Oh, okay. Okay. Um.
Which by the way is super common. So when you take into account rape,
the number of rapes that get reported versus the number of rapes that don't get
reported, it's.
Like, it's a drop in the bucket. Yeah. And, and when, when guys go, well,
why don't girls report it, dude,
you don't like going to jury duty that, and that's a weak,
you want, you think a girl wants to talk about her vagina for a year and.
A half. Not just that the stigma of yes.
Running around knowing that everybody knows you were raped.
Like having that feeling yes. Where people are judging you, staring at you. Yes.
Talking about you for nothing that you did. No, nothing.
Fact. It's like literally as these things happen, uh,
because you read these the, a lot of the times the, the,
it feels like the choice for women is as it's happening. It's like,
I have to make my life about this.
Now my whole life has to be about this for at least a year and a half cops,
lawyers, uh, uh, court dates,
all just like a nightmare for one, a nightmare. Yeah.
That you likely did nothing wrong. Right. You just, and now it's like getting,
it's like getting in a, in a horrible car accident or something.
Um, yeah. And, and again,
I don't know what the solution is. Cuz as a comic,
my first end being contrarian, I go like, well, what did you, what did they do?
What did they do? All the, all the things. And it's like, no,
most of these things are, uh,
wrong place at the wrong time with a piece of, dude.
Yeah. I mean,
due process is significant though. It's gigantic. I know. You know,
have to have it.
I know mean what happened with the UVA case in rolling stone magazine,
they printed this stupid lie, this crazy story.
That really becomes a problem because there's real rape
on all the time on campuses that's happened.
For real don't believe that that girl wasn't raped the UVA store. Yeah.
I believe that she was raped. I don't think, uh,
it was the 15, like the way something happened, something, are you sure.
Why do mean, what do you think that,
because I think they proved that she wasn't even there and that she was never in
the, there was no.
After any of that. Maybe I, people were all fake then I maybe didn't read it up.
No, any.
Follow up. I think that sign there's,
there's so much evidence pointing to the fact that it was all made up. Yeah.
That there's very little possibility that something actually happened to her.
Yeah. I think they've completely dismissed that. Yeah.
I think they think it was just a girl just made some crazy up versus the
mattress girl thing. Mm-hmm <affirmative> the mattress girl.
One was a weird one because she definitely had sex with that guy and she
definitely wanted to have sex with that guy cuz she was messaging him about sex
mm-hmm <affirmative> and about, you know,
I think she said something about bring condoms and you're gonna put it in my
butt and yeah. But just a bunch of crazy. Yeah.
Like it was sex talk back and forth. Yeah. And then she just decided,
this is an amazing way to be a martyr and to be a victim and to
bring that mattress everywhere, including at a commencement speech. Yeah.
You know, I mean that, that's a different sort of case that kid is now suing.
Yeah. That kid is now suing that university and I hope he wins.
Yeah. I, again,
I hope he wins and because I think due process is as important.
It's literally a tie for first yeah. Between uh,
protecting women and protecting the constitution. Um, but
yeah, I, I don't even the, the,
the thing that bothers me about even talking about UVA or Columbia is it
makes the story about lying women. Right.
Which is just not they're the outliers. Yes. They they're the.
Outliers, uh.
By an extreme cause they're the.
Forward consideration when you,
you can't just completely ignore them in the equation. Right.
Well that's the why you need due process. Yeah. That is exactly.
Why you need to, and you know,
we also have to stop thinking out of it as like men and women.
It's human beings. Yeah.
Human beings involved in these situations and we have to treat them like equals
do you know the story about oxental oxental college in LA? Uh.
Which story.
Boy and girl get drunk, text each other back and forth. I'm coming over.
Do you have condoms? You yeah, come on over. She comes over or they,
they have sex with each other. Um,
and then her friends convince her that because she was drunk,
she could not consent mm-hmm <affirmative> and that it's rape <affirmative>
knowhmm remember that was a big thing for a while.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that you, if you're not drunk, you can't consent.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that was like for a year or two,
they tried to push that until they realized, oh my God,
that makes everyone a rapist. So they.
Came, I mean, I having said that,
I think that the part that alcohol plays in this giant
is so massive and nobody ever brings it up.
It's giant. Yeah. If,
if alcohol was complicit and all the things that people did while drunk the same
way, the prescription outta drugs, outta business. Yeah.
They'd be outta business out of business.
So this guy and this gal have some sad and it's consensual a hundred
percent. But after the fact,
her friends tell her you couldn't consent because you were drunk. Yeah.
So even though he was drunk too Uh-huh so, um, you know,
people get told authorities get involved,
he gets kicked outta cool outta school. She does not, they,
they don't call it rape. They don't press charges.
He didn't do anything actually wrong, you know,
in terms of the letter of the law,
since they're both intoxicated and willing and consensual,
but they kick him outta college. And so he is like, well, what the, man?
She's drunk too. So I got raped as well. Do you understand that? Yeah.
I can't just be the man that yeah. Is doing the raping.
If you're both intoxicated. Yeah. How the am I supposed to be able to consent?
So the idea is that this as much of a male
versus female.
Thing, I had a conversation with a female friend of mine recently.
And the conclusion, one of the conclusions was
men don't see women as humans.
Whoa. Meaning they're well, they're, they're like
less, there are other yes, there it's other. Yeah. It's other it's like,
you're not, I'm not saying you're not a human, but you're not a man.
I, you know what I mean?
Like there's something of like the way men treat women is not
equal. Right. It's just, it's other, it's like you're in this other category.
Well, they don't understand them that much cuz they're not one of 'em. Yep.
And uh, if they don't have a good relationship with their mother,
it's even worse.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> especially if they' were raised by their dad alone.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> those guys are the sketchies guys of all. Yeah.
I'm general realizing.
Honestly, I can't even think of one guy like that, but yeah,
meaning I don't think I know when a guy like.
That, but yeah. Um, I know a guy like that. Uh,
and sometimes even guys that were only raised by their mom or sketchy if their
mom hates women, but the, the whole thing is, I mean, look,
it's just real hard when you start doing this men and women thing. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> cause you, you you're prone to generalizations.
There's no getting away from it, but men want sex from women.
So they're pursuing women. And do you have, do you know any men that are,
that you're friends with,
that you see over time that become more and more bitter towards women?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> because they begin rejected over and over and they
associate women with bad feelings. Yes. They associate women with negative.
I think men look at women like, like they're trying to score on a team.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Yeah. It's dude it's first base. Second base. Third base. Yeah.
It's literally like built into the language yeah. Of how we,
it is a thing that guys conquer. So it ends up being,
uh, I,
I like a it in the past to like Saudi Arabia or like towel
heads, but cuz they won't give us the oil. Right? Like,
no it's they're they don't like you,
they don't want to give you like they don't they,
but that doesn't mean that they're anymore than it means.
You're if you don't want this kombucha, it like,
you just don't your body doesn't want it doesn't mean that her body doesn't want
you like there's but it makes guys,
it hurts their feelings and it makes them crazy. And.
It also deals with these evolutionary mechanisms that are designed to make sure
that we breed, you know, it becomes like a significant issue for you.
You wanna figure out how do I get this gal to like me to the point where she
wants to have sex with me? Oh, I gotta buy the right cars. Yeah.
I gotta wear the wear the right watch.
I gotta do this and do that and say the right things and be a gentleen and hold
open doors and all these things that we do. They're like, well,
why do men hold open doors? Will it be a gentleman? No. To,
to show that they're a preferential mate. That's what they're doing.
They're trying to con you correct. And to taking in that Dick, yes.
That it' goes to speaks to the, your bit about invention. The, the thing that,
that your invention thing now is that the reason,
the thing of like why women haven't invented. Yeah. Is cuz they don't have to,
they don't have to.
It's also the way their mind works. You know, the hunter gatherer mindset,
it's very different with the females in the tribe versus the male.
And we're dealing with still dealing with the echoes of all that, by.
The way, for people that are, uh, uh, shallow.
We're talking about misogyny right now. Yes. Yes. Just so you know. Yeah.
We're talking in theory about misogyny.
These are not views that either of us hold, but uh, yeah. But um.
In fact the opposite, I mean I, and I have all daughters, you know,
I'm used to being around little girls. I, I know,
I know about women more now I understand them than I ever did.
And.
How would you, how would you would,
how different would your behavior have been 20 years ago? If you had what you,
the wisdom you have now from that it would, it.
Would be way different. It would be way different. I just would, maybe my beha,
I never did anything horrible. Um, like my record is clean.
Yeah, no, I'm think about assault, but what I am,
what I am more aware of now is the inner workings of like a
female from child to adulthood. I understand that.
They're just so there's a different evolutionary path
for their sex, for their gender.
There's a whole thing going on that they want to protect the nest.
They want to find a man.
Like there's a lot of guys that look at a girl who wants a successful guy like,
oh, she's shallow. She just wants a bunch of.
She wants someone to pay for everything.
Like there is a evolutionary path where the woman is looking for a
man who shows that he is capable of taking care of things while she is
held up, being pregnant and taking care of the young, it is a natural instinct.
It is undeniable mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And there are some women that are super strong and super motivated and they
don't have that instinct. Their instinct is to just have a kid,
give it to nanny, get back to work as quick as possible. And you know what,
but I'll.
Tell you what, I bet their husband's tall. You know what I mean? Yeah.
There's still those things of like the evolutionary that they,
you can't get rid of your body wants to a. A tall guy. Yeah, yeah.
For the same for protection.
All that for all that. Money. Yeah. Height, strength provisions.
Yeah. Yeah. And,
and the ability to overcome significant situations.
Like whenever there's a, a,
like a guy that falls apart under stress is one of the most unattractive things
to women ever because it was, oh.
Yeah. There was a study where like that I think Whitney and I have talked about,
uh, where guys, women don't like when guys cry in front of 'em. Oh God.
They say they want an emotional guy.
What they mean is I want you to listen to my emotions. Yeah.
I don't want you to be emotional. I need you to be a Marine.
Yeah. And if you're gonna be emotional and cry about things, it better be like,
like a brave display of emotions. Yes. My.
One of your fallen brothers. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Or somebody's, you know,
like a baseball player's retiring something. Some physical. Yes.
Some physical thing. Yeah. About the passage time in brotherhood.
That's it? Yeah. Maybe that's it.
That's maybe yourdaughter's birthday party and you're so happy. Yeah. Yeah.
That's the.
That's the, uh, portfolio.
Yeah. Um, but the ability to respond to pressures a giant one,
the ability to provide is a giant one physical features.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like having strong features, having strong genetics.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you,
the woman has to know like genetically has to feel like she's being protected.
And then there's some women that don't like that at all.
There's some women that like men mm-hmm <affirmative> and we,
we know those women and they, they they're the really domineering,
powerful women.
And they have these men that are like quiet and they they're sort of retiring
submissive. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's okay too. But the, these,
these patterns that exist, they exist because for the longest time, I mean,
look, it's a weird situation where a woman has to be pregnant for nine months.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that's a long time. Yeah. Imagine picking a man.
Imagine if you're,
you're a man and you're picking a woman and you have to decide when you're
meeting this woman,
is this chick gonna be a able to keep it together with me while I'm held up,
literally held up for a year, like a whole year, for one year,
I'm gonna be stuck in this situation. And then from then the next 18 years,
I'm gonna be responsible for the infant that comes out of this union.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like,
that's so that's so different than our thought process. It's so different.
Their consequences, different, well, men want.
Men only think about to me, men want sex.
They don't think about they literally.
And then it's just black and then it's just black. Sure.
It's like sex and then just like black into the distance. Yeah.
Infinite blackness.